collegue colleague
sence sense
goverment government
appearence appearance
wierd weird
realy really
ecstacy ecstasy
apparantly apparently
pharoah pharaoh
Portugese Portuguese
Carribean Caribbean
beleive believe
bizzare bizarre
incidently incidentally
calender calendar
seige siege
wich which
resistence resistance
basicly basically
dilemna dilemma
truely truly
tendancy tendency
Farenheit Fahrenheit
prefered preferred
neccessary necessary
forseeable foreseeable
posession possession
idiosyncracy idiosyncrasy
knowlege knowledge
jist gist
agressive aggressive
publically publicly
buisness business
lollypop lollipop
freind friend
harrass harass
religous religious
irresistable irresistible
recieve receive
untill until
accross across
succesful successful
foriegn foreign
independant independent
completly completely
peice piece
noticable noticeable
tatoo tattoo
foward forward
unforseen unforeseen
millenium millennium
ocassion occasion
seperate separate
embarass embarrass
accomodation accommodation
occurance occurrence
gaurd guard
begining beginning
fourty forty
propoganda propaganda
florescent fluorescent
acheive achieve
existance existence
immediatly immediately
suprise surprise
humourous humorous
refered referred
therefor therefore
glamourous glamorous
dissapear disappear
arguement argument
futher further
tounge tongue
politican politician
accommodate accommodate
honourary honorary
concious conscious
cemetary cemetery
tommorow tomorrow
occured occurred
pavillion pavilion
assasination assassination
familar familiar
finaly finally
curiousity curiosity
dissapoint disappoint
unfortunatly unfortunately
happend happened
persistant persistent
commitee committee
definately definitely
interupt interrupt
rember remember
threshhold threshold
Neandertal Neanderthal
enviroment environment
chauffer chauffeur
whereever wherever
comming coming
supercede supersede
